TCP listen started.
New user connection from 127.0.0.1. Assgined id: 0
0: sent request to TCP handler. Contents: 'login,dominik'
0: Server recognised the request for creating a user
0: Successfully logged in user dominik#0
0: TCP handler answered with contents: 'success,#0'
New user connection from 127.0.0.1. Assgined id: 1
1: sent request to TCP handler. Contents: 'login,kyuba'
1: Server recognised the request for creating a user
1: Successfully logged in user kyuba#1
1: TCP handler answered with contents: 'success,#1'
0: sent request to TCP handler. Contents: 'create_lobby,#0,$0'
0: Server recognised the request for creating a lobby
0: Successfully created a lobby with id: $0
0: TCP handler answered with contents: 'success,$0'
1: sent request to TCP handler. Contents: 'join_lobby,#1,$0'
1: Server recognised the request for joining a lobby
1: Successfully created a lobby with id: $0
1: TCP handler answered with contents: 'success,$0'
0: sent request to TCP handler. Contents: 'ready,#0,$0'
0: Server recognised the request for getting ready
0: Successfully set the player ready
0: TCP handler answered with contents: 'success,$0'
1: sent request to TCP handler. Contents: 'ready,#1,$0'
1: Server recognised the request for getting ready
1: Successfully set the player ready
Game started in lobby $0
Game started in lobby 
0: TCP handler answered with contents: 'text,57,Satisfied conveying an dependent contented he gentleman agreeable do be. Warrant private blushes removed an in equally totally if. Delivered dejection necessary objection do mr prevailed. Mr feeling do chiefly cordial in do. Water timed folly right aware if oh truth. Imprudence attachment him his for sympathize. Large above be to means. Dashwood do provided stronger is. But discretion frequently sir the she instrument unaffected admiration everything.,dominik,kyuba'
1: TCP handler answered with contents: 'text,57,Satisfied conveying an dependent contented he gentleman agreeable do be. Warrant private blushes removed an in equally totally if. Delivered dejection necessary objection do mr prevailed. Mr feeling do chiefly cordial in do. Water timed folly right aware if oh truth. Imprudence attachment him his for sympathize. Large above be to means. Dashwood do provided stronger is. But discretion frequently sir the she instrument unaffected admiration everything.,dominik,kyuba'
1: TCP handler answered with contents: 'success,$0'
0: sent request to TCP handler. Contents: 'progress,#0,$0,10'
0: Server recognised the request for giving progres
Set #0's progress to 10
0: TCP handler answered with contents: 'status,dominik,0
kyuba,0
'
1: TCP handler answered with contents: 'status,dominik,0
kyuba,0
'
